# Google-Data-Analytics-Capstone-Project
Cyclistic is a bike sharing program which features more than 5,800 bikes and 600 docking stations. It offers reclining bikes, hand tricycles, and cargo bikes, making it more inclusive to people with disabilities and riders who can't use a standard two-wheeled bike. It was founded in 2016 and has grown tremendously into a fleet of bicycles that are geotracked and locked into a network of 692 stations across Chicago. The bikes can be unlocked from one station and returned to any other station in the system anytime. 
Previously, Cyclistic's marketing strategy tried to build the general awareness and appeal to broad consumers. It has flexible pricing plans: single-ride passes, full-day passes, and annual memberships. Those who purchase single-ride or full-day passes are referred to as casual riders while those who purchase annual memberships are Cyclistic members. 
As a junior data analyst at Cyclistic, my team has been tasked with the goal of developing a marketing strategy of attracting new riders and  converting casual riders into annual members.
The code you are about to go through is a code view of the team's quest to understand how these riders differ in their riding habits. The data is a historical data of rides from January 2022 to December 2022. The process begins with importing the monthly csv files of rider information, binding them into one larger data file and then cleaning and readjusting the data format to be able to carry out analysis.
